we're going to canobie lake park gonna
be a great time turn right Oh Thunder
take a picture hey say say hello hi wow
you're recording yes welcome to canobie
lake park dude did you know since 1902
Faris Lee de crap a roller coaster yeah
that wasn't very good anyway because it
was after hours so nothing was ok giant
popcorn yeah other stuff
yeah oh look
flying walk into the club like
what up I gotta fly ooh candy apples
we're gonna be stopping here later
Oh extreme that looks frightening let's
do it do you want to go on it later
perhaps no I know what right you want to
go on you want to go on the move flying
yeah dear that are we going on Thank You
Canada
Oh
thank you jealous yes I can only aspire
to be so total
hi yeah this is how you know you trust
your love when you let them drive the
car
Oh
store excuse me general for it I can
read a thread
yes they call me king fabulous okay just
isn't done done we're gonna go on that
later yeah yeah apparently were going on
the merry-go-round
you have to evoke a majestic elk
a lion
how exciting
giant pot cool
the mine of lost souls if you have watch
this oh that's good to know this ride
causes seizures hooray
see you guys later this is what we're
going on next you go straight up
straight down and just walking yes dear
that was intense we're not allowed to
record on Ric so I'm gonna record
another group it'll do these people know
that none of them will come back in LA
this is the most uncomfortable part of
it
and down the go
that was fun
will you ride it again okay it's a very
happy looking 10 min
somebody's really turning those things
oh my gosh I feel bad for the person in
the yellow one
that's how you terrorize your girlfriend
or broken and then they have DaVinci's
dream I'm not sure he actually dreamt up
of this that's okay don't look so happy
ye olde Boston the Boston ice cream
cones
it's cute there's the Boston Tea Party
right
I'm pretty sure that's not what they did
during the Boston Tea Party but that's
okay oh look there's a bubble machine oh
my shoes it's the Popo